welcome back for another exciting how-to
video my name is cody schwartz and today
might teach you how to play music off of
your speakers instead of your headphones
now this is a useful trick I guess if
that's what you want to call it you know
for gamers cuz what you can do is you
can play your games and the rest of your
applications over your headset and then
you can listen to your music or movies
over your speakers as of now the only
software I can find that does as well is
Windows Media Player to get this started
all you do is you click tools you go to
options and then once you're in options
you click on the devices tab now in the
devices tab you'll have your cd-rom DVD
ROM drives your speakers and your
monitors so you just double-click on
your speakers now every computer is
different the default or a sound device
is your automatic sound if you're on
headset it would just be your headset a
front speakers would be your speakers
and then the direct sound is you don't
have to worry about what that says for
direct sound you just southla to your
right now for me to the right we have
the USB headset we have the IDT audio
one which is the Intel motherboard input
and then we have the creative x-fi audio
which is an additional sound card so all
you need to do is depending on how you
want it to set up for me right now I'm
using my headset as my main so I just
click on the IDT audio and then you just
press apply and okay
and then okay for other computers it
might be real tech since real tech and
IBT are the two main companies that are
used for the audio drivers and now all
you do is you just load up one of your
songs and it says opening and it's
playing right now and that concludes our
how to enable music and/or movies over
the speakers again my name is Cody
Schwartz